hey guys it's been so long since I've
been full of some pointless crazy energy
so I figured what better way to use it
up then making a video but i do have a
few things to say before I jump into the
review first I'd like to say that this
reviews actually chosen by someone on my
Facebook fan page so for those who
follow me there I sometimes post things
on that looking for advice or asking
what review you want me to do next or
things like that and I get you guys to
respond to it now I don't actually take
requests on my fan page unless I post
asking for them so there's some real
time interaction with my viewers which I
really enjoy if you want to be part of
it I'll link it in the underbar next I'd
like to mention that I me just this
person right here was actually featured
in a web magazine the magazine is called
girl glam and it is centered around
girls obviously I think it's a great
thing and I was flattered and thrilled
that she wanted to feature me in it I
will link you to it in the underbar if
you'd like to check it out okay too much
none anime talk and they'll have to make
another video for the review I'm do the
anime today's enemy is
cheats a girl she
spice and wolf this anime started airing
in January of 2008 and finished in March
of 2008 running for 13 episodes but only
12 episodes actually aired the enemy is
based off of a light novel series that
consisted of 17 volumes there's also a
seven-volume manga series there's an OVA
that aired in April of 2009 and I was
just second season to the anime that
started airing in July of 2009 and
finished in September of 2009 with
another 12 episodes now before I get
started I'm going to let you know that i
have only actually watched the first
season of this anime so my opinion is
gonna have to be based off that alone a
story revolves around the man named
Kraft Lawrence a 25 year old traveling
merchant his main goal in life is to get
enough money together to be able to open
his own shop well visiting a small town
during their wheat harvest Lawrence
meets a pagan wolf DD girl named holo
who was over 600 years old but looks
more like a teenager at least one on her
human form obviously what teenage girl
with wolf ears in a tail she's the deity
that has nurtured the land by keeping a
promise she made with someone a long
time ago giving them bountiful harvests
but the people's belief in her has now
faded and she wants nothing more than to
return to her homeland she is a sly wolf
and after encountering Lawrence she
bargains with him to take her away from
the small town she was bound to the
wheat so she couldn't really leave as
long as she has some of the week with
her she can travel as she pleases she is
cocky and sly but more than anything
shes lonely so she travels with Lawrence
helping him and his many business deals
and in return he promises to get her
home ok so my thoughts on this anime
honestly I found it boring I mean there
were some very interesting parts some
tricky business deals cheating lies all
those great plot drama oriented things
that kind of hook you in the storyline
but even with those things it just
didn't really pull me in there are
plenty of scenes where holo is naked so
that will grab
some people's attention but frankly it
didn't do it for me that aside though
she is actually my favorite character I
love how she held herself she's a very
proud wolf and has such confidence in
herself I think what I like best about
her is that even though she's over 600
years old and knows many many things
there's still some things above herself
she's yet to learn the range of emotions
a person can have our headless she was a
great character but regardless how great
she was alone she wasn't enough to hold
the anime and honestly I never really
got attached to Lawrence not to say that
he's a bad character but again I just
kind of found them boring lucky that it
was a short anime because if it was any
longer I may not have gotten through it
there are some really decent scenes in
the anime though holo transformed
there's some violence but it's just not
enough it was just lacking that spark
that really pulls you into an anime
because I found the first season so
boring though I have no intentions of
watching the second now what I say I
don't like this anime no it's not bad
it's just lacking you know what I mean
it had the potential to be better i
think i'm going to give this anime a two
point five out of five now I'm not gonna
tell you not to watch it I honestly
don't think you'd be wasting your time
if you wanted to check it out but I'm
not gonna recommend it either but if you
like this anime you'll also like kino's
journey crest of the star and katana got
today alright that's all for now guys
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
and like always I will see you next time
bye
well was in a small town during their
wheat harvest lawrence visit Lawrence
doesn't visit he meets where do you get
your words chris-craft when visiting a
small town well during their wheat
harvest Lawrence meets a pagan wolf
deity girls named holo ah oo oo so green
they're not really green their contacts
Shh she's a DD DD DD alright that's all
for now guys Oh